First, what is Kotlin all about? It’s a new programming language targeting the Javaplatform.
Kotlin is concise, safe, pragmatic, and focused on interoperability with Java code.

-------------------------------------------------------------

Kotlin works great with all existing Java libraries and frameworks 
and runs with the same level of performance as Java.


using Kotlin can help
developers achieve their goals with less code and fewer annoyances along the way.


Kotlin can also be compiled to JavaScript, allowing you to run
Kotlin code in the browser.

----------------------------------------------

kotlin and android

Kotlin’s language features, combined with a special compiler plug-in supporting the Android framework,
turn Android development into a much more productive and pleasurable experience. 
Common development tasks, such as adding listeners to controls
or binding layout elements to fields, can be accomplished with much less code,



Another big advantage of using Kotlin is better application reliability. If you have any
experience developing Android applications, you’re no doubt familiar with the
Unfortunately, Process Has Stopped dialog. This dialog is shown when your application
throws an unhandled exception—often, a NullPointerException. Kotlin’s type system,
with its precise tracking of null values, makes the problem of null pointer exceptions
much less pressing. Most of the code that would lead to a NullPointerException in
Java fails to compile in Kotlin, ensuring that you fix the error before the application gets
to your users.





using Kotlin doesn’t bring any disadvantages, either. The
code generated by the Kotlin compiler is executed as efficiently as regular Java code. The
runtime used by Kotlin is fairly small, so you won’t experience a large increase in the
size of the compiled application package. And when you use lambdas, many of the Kotlin
standard library functions will inline them. Inlining lambdas ensures that no new objects
will be created and the application won’t suffer from extra GC pauses.
